Alright, so this is session 3.
Norming study and it will be
the same sort of pictures that
you see in your previous two
sessions. The first one is a
story. So again, please go
through the story and describe
what you see and what is
happening and you can start when
you're ready, OK?
#START_journey There's a two
page spread.
Of a street scene in.
Residential part of a city, it
looks like, with like three
story apartments.
And there's a cutaway, so you
can see underneath the street.
Also, you can see bricks and
pipes for sewage and water. You
can see into the basement of one
person's home.
{And on the left side page, it
says for Josephine, this book
would not have been possible
without the help of some great
friends and colleagues, notably
Joanne Taylor, Laurel Snyder,
David Costello, Diane Degrote,
Jeff Mack, Linda Pratt, Mary
Ellen Harley, Mary Lee Donovan,
and last but not least, my wife
Darcy Palmquist. Copyright
2013.}
{Sticker, I think or bigger and
then there's some more All
rights reserved stuff. } But
going back to the street scene.
There's a lamp post. It's like
an old style one with two big
lamp bulbs sticking out on
either side. At the top and at
the bottom of the lamp post are
some children playing. There's a
boy on a bicycle. There's a girl
on a skateboard. There's another
boy, and the two boys are giving
each other a high 5. There's a
mailbox. There's another child
with a purple piece of chalk in
his or her hand.
And all the children are wearing
shorts, so I'm guessing it's
summertime and off in the
distance I see some outlines of
trees that look like they're in
full leaf.
And as we move along the street
and there is a.
Um.
Street light with stop stop
lights. So there's a the red
light is illuminated. There's
the red hand telling people not
to cross. There's an arrow
directing people in which way to
go.
And as we move along the street,
there's a fire hydrant, and then
we move. We've crossed the
street and we're going up the
steps to another.
Apartment building and there's a
red scooter.
Leaning up against the steps and
a girl sitting on the steps
hugging her knees to herself and
I think she looks like she's a
little lonely. And the purple
chalk and the red scooter are
the only real pops of color
along with the the red Street
lights. Everything else is in
kind of shades of Gray.
Um, pencil drawing style.
Behind the girl, we can see into
her her home, and there's a
little entrance room that has
wallpaper and a little lamp on a
little table and a potted plant
and a doorway with stairs.
There's a coat rack. There's
some pictures on the wall. The
next room over looks like maybe
it's her mother in the kitchen,
stirring something in a pot on
the stove.
And she's holding the phone to
her ear, and it's an old style
phone with a cord attached to
it. But there's a kitchen scene,
and then upstairs there's a man
sitting at a desk with a
computer in his hand to his
chin. He has a beard and
glasses. And there's a
bookshelf. There are two
bookshelves.
And two framed pictures that
look like they're probably
diplomas. And the next room
over. Upstairs there's another
young person lounging on a
couch, perhaps playing with a DS
device or something, a handheld
game and a picture framed
picture overhead.
On the next page.
on the left hand side. There are
three pictures, one over the
other, kind of showing a
progression of activity. The
girl with the red scooter has
come into the kitchen and she's
looking on the counter to see
what her mother's doing, and her
mother's looking over her
shoulder at her daughter but is
really busy cooking and talking
on the phone. So in the next
picture, the girl is in her
father's office and now she's
holding the string of the tail
to a kite.
And the kite is red. She's
peering over his chair and he's
staring at his screen. And in
the next picture down, she has
moved down to the another room,
where perhaps her sister is the
person lounging on the couch
looking at her handheld game.
And the girl is holding a red
ball and leaning over the couch.
On the next page, the girl
apparently has gone to her very
own room. She looks so lonely
and sad. She's sitting on her
bed with her knees up and her
head kind of looking down.
There's a big map of the world
on the wall.
Her bed isn't made. There are
sailboats on her sheets. There's
a little dresser. There's a cat
curled up on the floor. There's
some papers on the floor.
There's a window.
And that's about it.
Next page, the girl is still in
her room. Oh, and I notice that
hanging over her bed is a hot
air balloon. Just a little
decorative hot air balloon. The
cat has gotten up and is walking
out the door.
With his tail fully extended
with a little curl at the end,
and the girl looks to where the
cat had been on the floor and
there's a red piece of chalk.
she is looking at it and the
next page, the girl has picked
up the piece of chalk and has
started to draw a line on the
wall, starting at the floor in
the baseboard and reaching up
and arching over her head and
the bottom of the {oh, I'm
sorry, I have to move the
picture of us.}
The first picture on the next
page is the girl crouching on
the floor, picking up the chalk
or crayon.
Then there's a picture of her.
There are three pictures on this
page of her drawing an arch over
her head, and the next picture,
the arch is completed. It's a
doorway with a red door, and she
has entered in. Her hand is on
the doorknob, and she's entered
into a shaded area.
On the next page, it's a two
page spread of a forest area
with twinkle lights strung up
throughout the trees and also
paper lanterns hanging from the
trees. The paper lanterns are
very decorative with different
designs cut out of them and.
And and no two seemed to be the
same.
She's holding the door, the red
door, open. You can see through
the door into her bedroom. The
door is opening at the base of a
big tree and she's looking up
and around at all of the lights
and the woods all around her.
A few steps ahead of her, I see
a stream that's winding through
the picture.
On the next page, the girl is
standing on a little dock at the
edge of the water. She's
standing over the water, looking
into the water and seeing her
reflection. She's holding the
red piece of chalk.
And she sees her reflection.
And around her, or all the trees
and above her are the twinkling
lights and the paper lanterns.
The next page, there are three
little pictures. The top one,
the girl, is kneeling down on
the dock, reaching down with her
piece of chalk to the water and
drawing an arched or bowed line.
And now she's lying down with
her knees bent up and her feet
up in the air. So she's on her
belly, reaching down and drawing
some more lines and connecting
them. It's beginning to look
like the outline of a boat.
And in the third picture at the
bottom of the page, the boat is
completely drawn and colored in.
It's all red, and she is sitting
in the boat, beginning to move
away from the dock.
The next two pages are full
spread of a Kingdom and she is
in the Little Red boat and a
little waterway approaching.
I don't know if it's a bridge
or.
I'm trying to think of the word
a lock that boats can move
through, but anyway it's it's
looks like it's some kind of
passage to get across the land
side and the water to the castle
area and the castle area.
It looks like a town, and lots
and lots of buildings. They're
all connected one to the next,
ones higher and one lower, and
they all have peaked tops, and
many of them have some kind of
shingles for roofing. On the
tops of some of the buildings.
Let's see, there's a little
Pennant flying from one. There's
an image of a dolphin.
On top of one, there are some
gold domes on a number of them.
Further in we see water pouring
out of the windows of one of the
buildings, much higher than the
level of the stream or the river
below, and as we move along the
sweep of the.
Passel city. There's a much
bigger bridge on the other side,
and there's a boat beginning to
pass underneath it and someone
sitting at the end of the boat
fishing.
And then the bridge that's
going, this bigger bridge that's
going over also seems to be a
waterway bridge because there's
another boat like a gondola
crossing, and there's a person
in the back standing up and it
looks like they have a pole to
be pushing them along. And there
are three people sitting in
there. Perhaps one has a fancy
umbrella over their head and
they're going across and there's
a drawbridge.
And the door is open.
It's really quite an elaborate
walled city.
That's it. Now. The next two
page spread is a close up inside
of the walled city. The girl is
still in her red boat and it
does look like there are a
system of locks because she's
passed through one waterway
which is at a level lower than
where she is at now.
And there is a man in a uniform,
kind of gold colored uniform and
a hat, and he's waving at her
and he has a sash, so it
definitely looks military.
And he's waving at her. To her
left in a little tower, there's
another one of those guards
looking out in her direction.
Ahead of her is another guard
just beyond that waterway looks
like he's looting or perhaps
shading his eyes from the sun.
And beyond them, there's another
tower with three guards in it.
And there are two are waving and
one is peering around, and we're
at the top of the city. There
we're among the gold domes.
And beneath us there's another
intersecting lock.
With the person in the gondola,
one is standing up and pulling
and another is sitting, and then
further along there's another
elevated waterway with gondolas.
Two of them, one's going through
the passageway and one is
approaching. We see a big
waterfall, and I can imagine
that maybe there's a water wheel
and they're generating some
power from it, because there's.
Big frothing.
Water down at the base of the
waterfall.
And they're oh, and we're also,
I can see, off to the far right,
a turreted building with it's
like a weather vane at the top,
decorated with a golden whale.
Ohh the girl in the red boat at
she's at the top level of the
waterway has gotten to the very
edge and she's about to go down
the waterfall. Underneath are
two perpendicular, so ones 90
degrees perpendicular to her and
then there's another water way
beneath that which is parallel
to her with 2  a gondola and
each and a person pulling in
each gondola.
And he's gondola has two people.
The people are wearing hats and
in the one gondola they have an
umbrella.
So that's the close up in this
picture. Oh, and at the very
top, above the girl and the
little tower, the the guards are
waiting frantically, apparently,
as she's right there on the edge
about to go over the waterfall
and.
More shadowy in the distance so
you can see outlines of the
other building structures, and
there are clouds. It's a partly
cloudy day and there's a a bird.
It looks like a Phoenix flying
in the sky.
In the next page, the girl is
falling through the air. The
boat is falling free from her,
it's below her and she has
grabbed her red crayon, or chalk
and is drawing a big.
Circle. She hasn't quite
finished the circle, and on the
next page she has completely
drawn a hot air balloon, just
like the one that was over her
bed in her bedroom. But this is
big enough for her to be in the
basket underneath, and the
balloon and the basket and the
connecting lines are all red.
And now she's floating off above
into the clouds and the guards
in the tower.
Who are just a little beneath
her are waving at her, and at
the top of that turret of the
tower is another.
Weathervane with a boat with a
sail decorating the top of it.
In the next page.
I'm wondering if this looks like
it's a two page spread, so off
to her right there are more
clouds and a purple bird with a
long tail and some other.
Um air vehicles.
One looks like it's a boat with
a big Zeppelin above it, but
also a little propeller behind
it. And then there's a bigger
machine like boat, and these
really look like airboats
because they have propellers,
and this bigger one also has.
Big paddle wheel in it.
And it has a couple of
smokestacks.
And it's, it's plowing into the
clouds and there is a person or
a statue that's gold colored on
the big vehicle, and then beyond
it is another one of the smaller
Zeppelin boats, OK.
And the next two page spread.
We have a close up of the girl
in the basket of her hot air
balloon and now I can see the
detail of the sandbags around
the exterior and she's looking
down and across at one of the
Zeppelin boats and she sees.
A man pointing.
Perhaps aiming a gun and he's
wearing some gold clothing,
decorative clothing. There's
also a little golden bird cage
in the middle of the boat and at
the other end of the boat. Ah.
There are three men. Two are
holding on to the third. The
third one is leaning all the way
out of the airboat with a net to
catch the purple bird.
And then beyond it is the big
boat ship looking much the way
it did before.
On the next two page spread we
have a close up of the big boat
ship and the girl in her red
balloon in the basket is at the
tail end of the big boat ship.
And as we move along the tail
end along the tail we see the
men now on the big boat ship
holding up the gilded cage and
the purple bird with its tail
hanging out is in the cage.
Umm.
Yeah, as we move along the big
boat ship, I have a closer view
of what I I wasn't sure if it
was a person or a statue.
And it looks more like a statue,
the gold.
Pedestal and on top of it, it
looks.
Maybe Chinese in style with the
roof or the top of it and a a
dragon with its wings extended
on top of it and then off.
In the distance are two more of
the little air boats with the
Zeppelin balloons on top.
All right. And the next two
pages are two separate pictures.
The first one, the girl has
landed her balloon.
On this big boat, air boat, and
she has gotten out and she's
running across the walkway
holding her red chalk. There's
an open door in the smokestack
that she's running toward.
And up above, between the two
smokestacks, is another walkway,
and we've got the three men
carrying the bird and the
gilded, the purple bird and the
gilded cage.
On the next page we have a close
up of two of the men who look
their garments look like guard
clothes, almost Egyptian like,
with skirts and helmets and
sandals on their feet, and
they're on the pedestal of the
big golden structure.
And they have placed the purple
bird and the bird cage on a
stand on top of the pedestal. We
also see the girl climbing up a
ladder. She's almost gotten to
the level where the two guards
and the bird are, and there's a
ladder on her side, and then
across the way there's another
ladder.
On the next two pages there are
two separate pictures. The girl
has grabbed the gilded cage with
the bird off of the little
pedestal and is running with it,
and the two guards are
exclaiming and one has dropped
his spear and and they look
surprised.
And the next picture It's a
cutaway of the front of the big
boat ship.
Airboat and at the top we've got
one of the guards on the
pedestal. One is going down the
ladder, another is standing at
the top with a crown pointing
down at the girl. She is at the
very end.
Of a little protrusion from the
front of the air boat, the
gilded cages at her feet. The
door is open, the purple bird is
flying off with its long tail
feathers trailing behind, and
her red chalk is also next to
the gilded cage.
With the cutaway of the ship we
see 1234 floors of the ship with
different kinds of gears and
pipes and the workings of
machinery, and one or three or
so people on each floor moving
about. And on the bottom floor,
heading in the direction of the
girl are three guards, and one
has emerged from the ship and is
on the little.
Gangway to the little protrusion
that she's standing on.
Ah, the next picture the.
Head guard with the Crown is
standing at the edge.
Of the protrusion, and he has
dropped the red chalk.
It's falling away from the boat
ship or the air boat, and two
guards are holding the girls.
One of her arms and she's
straining to pull away from
them, and the open gilded cage
is on the floor between the girl
and the head guard.
On the next page.
Oh dear. We're at the back of
the ship. We can see the
propeller to the left and the
paddle wheels to the right, and
they're little swirls like the
paddles are are turning and
generating some swirls in the
air. And we see an open
structure with a gear, a couple
of gears and a big.
Like a steering a ship's
steering column, but it's
lowering another cage with the
girl in it.
Below the ship.
In the next page, we see the
girl. Oh, she's leaping for joy
in this cage that is suspended
among the clouds and a white
bird with a long table. Or
perhaps, I'm not sure if it's
the same purple bird or not. It
does have a purple purplish
tinge, has the red chalk in its
beak, and it's flying toward the
girl. And on the next page there
are three progressive pictures.
One top of the other there is
the Purple bird sitting on the
girl's shoulder and she is
holding the red chalk and
drawing a line.
And the next picture, the Purple
Bird has flitted off of her
shoulder and is hovering with
its wings extended and its tail
curling over the girl as she
kneels on the floor and
continues to draw a couple of
straight lines. We have a right
angle, and in the third picture
it looks like the bird is
sitting on the floor. I don't
know what floor this is.
And it's observing her
approaching, closing off a
rectangle with her red chalk,
and she's lying on her belly.
The next is a two page spread.
The girl is on a red flying
carpet flying high over a castle
city. We see the cage that was
holding her off to the left.
It's empty now because she's on
the red carpet. There's a puffy
cloud just beneath her and
there's some other puffy clouds
among the turrets of the city
that she's flying over.
And the purple bird is flying on
ahead of her.
And the next two page spread.
It's turning into a night sky.
There's a little bit of dusky
light at the horizon and then as
you move up into the sky it gets
darker and darker purple with
more and more flecks of stars to
the left is.
This is the end of the city and
and it looks.
Exotic, you know, with with the
A domed top and another turret.
And then it looks like desert
expanse reaching across the page
to the next page and a single
palm tree. At the base of the
palm tree there's some light and
I'm imagining maybe there's an
open door and the purple bird is
also flying ahead of the girl.
The girl is on the left hand
page on the red flying carpet.
And the bird is on the right
hand page, headed toward the
ground, toward the palm tree.
Yes, on the next page, the
single picture. On this page,
the bird has landed on the
ground and is standing by the
palm tree next to the door,
which is closed and the girl has
landed. She's gotten off of her
red carpet and is standing
holding her red chalk, staring
at the tree and the closed door
in the next page.
And and it's dark the all the
picture now is looks quite
nighttime ish. And the next
picture there are three pictures
going diagonally down across the
page. The first, the girl, is on
her hands and knees with one
hand on the doorknob, and the
bird is flying up near her. The
next picture, the girl has
opened the purple door, and
there's light on the other side.
And the bird.
Is flying into the doorway and
then the third bottom picture,
the girl herself is crawling
through the doorway.
On the next picture, one big
picture on this page, we're back
to the.
Cityscape again, we we've got
the three Decker build houses
all right next to each other.
The girl is climbing out of the
mailbox and the purple Bird has
flown out just ahead of her. And
there's a boy.
Running toward them with his
arms open, holding a purple
piece of chalk.
Um.
I see the street lamp or the
street light with a walk signal
and green light is illuminated
on it. On the next page the girl
and the boy are together. The
boy has a striped shirt and the
girl has a plain white shirt and
the boy is wearing sneakers like
high top sneakers and the girl
just has nondescript shoes on
her feet. The Purple bird is
perched on the hand of the boy.
And he's holding the purple
chalk.
And the girl is he's giving her
a hand up. She's on one knee and
holding the red chalk and
getting up, and there are three
pictures stacked on top of each
other on this page. The second
picture in the middle, the girl
has drawn a red circle.
The Purple bird is now perched
on a boy's shoulder.
And he's looking at this circle,
and in the third picture at the
bottom, the girl is standing
back proudly with her hands on
her hips, smiling at her red
circle. And the boy is bending
over, drawing a purple circle,
and the bird has flitted off of
his shoulder and is hovering
with its wings extended just
above him.
Next page.
The boy and the girl are now on
a bicycle that has one red tire
and one purple tire. The girl
is.
On the front seat
of the bicycle and the boy is on
the back seat. It's a bicycle
built for two, and they're both
pedaling. They both have their
chalk. The girls is in her back
pocket and the boy is holding
his in his hand. The girl is
pointing ahead and the purple
bird is flying overhead,
following them, and they're
going down a piece of roadway
where there's a cutaway and you
can see bricks and pipes beneath
them. All right. #END_journey
That was the story and it took
about 20 minutes, so a little
longer than the 10 to 15 minute
window. OK, OK, so moving on to
the next item, it is also a
story.
And do you want this all to
take 10 to 15 minutes? Yes
please. Can you tell me how many
pages there are? This one? Let
me just double check.
I think it's um.
Ohh.
It's around 7 pages.
7 spreads. OK, great. All
right, news story.
#START_arrival_4 On the left
hand page, we've got 3691011  10
squares stacked, and in the
place where the 11th and 12th
square would be, there's one
larger rectangle picture, and
these are progressive images,
close-ups on a man taking a
shower. The next picture he's
leaning over a sink holding a
mirror. His face has lather on
it and he's shaving.
The next picture is a close-up
of his hands buttoning his vest.
The next picture is a close up
of his hands tying his shoelace.
The next picture is a close up
of his hands holding money, a
piece of paper money and two
coins. The next picture is a
close up of his hand with his
suit jacket showing at the wrist
reaching for a hat. The next
picture is a picture of a street
map. The next picture we have a
little distance.
Away from the street map and we
can see that the man is holding
it and the next picture we've
moved a little bit further and
we can see the whole man
standing with his hat on and his
jacket holding the map. And
there is that funny little 4
legged creature that isn't a
dog, isn't a cat, isn't a rat,
isn't a fish, but looks like a
combination of them, not the
cat.
The next picture at the bottom
where the 10th picture, the man
is walking along a street with
the little creature. It's almost
like tadpole shaped with legs
and a long tail. It's following
the man and in the bottom larger
rectangular picture we have
zoomed way out and we have a
picture of the city with
roadways and tall buildings and
other shapes.
And clouds.
Um, the next page. We've got
three small square pictures at
the top of the and then a bigger
square picture underneath the.
Three of those we have a close
up of the map with some kind of
writing that I don't recognize.
And then we move away a bit and
we have a.
Perspective of the man squinting
at the map, and then we zoom a
little bit further away and he
is still standing, holding the
map, looking at it, and the
strange little creature is down
by his side.
The big picture underneath all
of this?
There is a huge it looks like an
aqueduct with arches. So it
soars up above the heights of
people and there are like four
or five arches and maybe even
the sails of sailboats above it.
And bottom of a boat. Oh again
we have more air boats. These
are boat shaped things moving
through the air.
Um, there's one passing through
one of the arches and others
that are floating a number that
it's very busy. It's very busy.
Picture on the ground level, our
number of people standing, and
there are a bunch of cones that
could look like teepees.
You know they're cylindrical and
pointed at the end and standing
up, and a few of them have
circle openings somewhere on
their side. And there are a
number of people standing on the
ground level at the base of the
big aqueduct structure next to
the various Tipi structures. And
there are even a few creatures,
other creatures of different
shapes.
On the ground and there's
another winged creature flying.
All right, on the next page we
have 12 small squares.
With little vignettes. The first
one the the strange white
creature with the curly tail
like a chameleon. It has a long
a long slash of a mouth and it's
talking to another bird like
creature that's standing next to
it. And the next square the man
is standing to the left and now
we see a woman standing to his
right and she has an open book
in her hands and the two
creatures are on the ground.
Between them.
The next picture, the man
gestures with one hand, the
other hand is still holding the
map, and he gestures toward the
woman and she is looking at him.
In the next picture, ah, the man
and the woman are leaning toward
each other. He's showing her the
map, and it looks like she's
pointing on beginning to show or
explain something to him on the
map. In the next picture, yes,
we see a finger pointing.
to a drawing on the map of one
of the airboats. There are a lot
of airboats on that page, and
then the next picture the woman
with long dark hair parted down
the middle is showing a
contraption.
It's cylindrical. It looks like
it has a telephone dial in the
center of it, and a horn and a
lever and who knows what else.
In the next picture we have a
close up of her hand going to
one of the holes in the
telephone dial, and her finger
is in it looking like it's going
to be rotating it. The next
picture, her other hand is
reaching to a lever and pulling
it, and in the next picture.
Her hand that had been dialing
the phone dial is now reaching
out at the base of the horn, and
a piece of paper is coming out
in the next picture. She's
holding that little piece of
paper like a ticket in her hand,
and she's pointing to some
squiggles on it. The next
picture she is putting the
little piece of paper in the
hand of the man.
And in the next picture, the man
and the woman are leaning toward
each other. She's holding up one
hand with three fingers.
And she's holding something
round. I don't know if it's a
coin purse or a pair of glasses
in her hand.
Um.
Next page. There's a big
rectangle at the top of the page
with six smaller square pictures
underneath it, and we have a
view of lots of people standing
on the ground looking up at the
air boats in the sky. One person
is pointing, another person is
holding their hat while he tips
his head to look up. Someone has
a bicycle. They're all just
standing, looking up one of the
smaller.
Squares underneath it, the first
one.
Is a close up of the curve of
the bow of the air boat above
the people on the ground, and
the next picture the airboat, we
see more of it and it's closer
to the ground and there's a rope
coming down from it.
Then the next picture, the
airboat is on the ground, and we
can see something that looks
kind of like a big paddle wheel
and some smokestacks. And the
next picture we have a close up
of people's legs and feet
walking on a walkway. So I'm
imagining that they're getting
on board and that little strange
white creature is by the man's
feet getting on too.
The next picture looks like the
hands and wrists of a conductor
with a hole punch punching the
ticket that the man is offering.
And the next picture we see a
close up of the ticket taker.
He's wearing dark glasses and he
has.
Um, some kind of a hat on his
head.
And he's gesturing to go inside.
OK.
The next page there again, many
little pictures. The man is
sitting on a bench and the
little white creature is jumping
up onto the bench to sit next to
him.
The next picture, the woman is
sitting next to him with her
little creature in her lap, and
there's some other people.
There's somebody carrying a baby
in their arms and another man
sitting in front looking at a
paper with a beard. And the next
picture, it looks like the man
and the woman are having a
conversation, and he's kind of
shrugging his shoulders and
holding his hands up, and she's
looking. And in the next
picture, it's a close up of him.
He's gesturing toward his chest.
And then the next picture.
He's opening up his jacket and
reaching to an inside pocket,
and the next picture he's pulled
out a piece of paper, which
looks like some kind of an
official document with a seal on
it and some writing, and a
picture. A picture of a person.
So like it might be an
identification piece of paper.
And the next picture. The woman
is leaning forward a little bit,
looking, perhaps concerned and
holding her hand to her chest,
and her little creature is now
perched on the back of the
bench.
The woman in the next picture
leans over to the other side
into her little bag and is
reaching into the bag and the
next picture she's pulled out a
similar piece of paper that
she's shown to the man. And in
the next picture we get a close
up and it might be the woman,
but at a much younger age, or it
could be a child.
It's a younger person with short
hair cropped above the chin.
Below the ear, and the last
picture on the page is a close
up of a somewhat sadder, forlorn
picture of this child.
Oh, on the next page we've got
12 more little pictures, and
perhaps we're getting into the
story of this little child, the
first picture.
The child is holding a book and
holding it close and reading it
the next picture. Some bigger
hands are grabbing the child and
grabbing the book and the child
is recoiling and holding the
book and the mouth is open and
the eyes are down. You can
imagine the child saying no.
And in the next picture the
bigger hands have taken the book
and are placing the book in a
drawer. The next picture, the
drawer is closed and locked with
a padlock. And the next picture
the big hands and the body. But
mostly you just see the hands
are grabbing.
One of the girls arms and a
shovel and forcing the shovel
into the girl's hand and the
next picture the big hands. One
hand is on the girl's shoulder,
the other hand is pointing down.
The girl looks downcast and is
holding the shovel.
And in the next picture we see
the girl beginning to labor,
shoveling coal into.
A fire, like in an engine. And
the engine has an open portal
and you can see the the light
coming out and the next picture
she's released the coal into it,
and the next picture she's
shoveling again. Oh, it looks
like we might have a change of
seasons. So one picture, there's
rain, one picture there's snow,
another picture.
She it looks like it's very hot
when she stands next to it, or
it's very smoky. And then
there's a next picture, there's
a ladder against the furnace,
and she's climbing up it with a
big brush going to the top. And
in the final picture, she's
standing at the top of the
ladder, using the brush and
putting it down the chimney of
the furnace.
The next page is 1 big picture.
Looks like we're in some large
structure and there are lots of
little.
Walled off areas like cubicles,
but they're, you know, rock
walls and they're all outside a
huge structure, which might be
the big furnace. And in each of
the little bays or cubicles are
people, perhaps children,
shoveling coal into the little
openings to fuel the big furnace
and we see little smokestacks.
And there's one person cleaning
one smokestack.
On the next page we get close up
pictures again. The 1st is a
picture of the girl sitting
cross legged on the ground,
holding her head in her hands.
The next picture she's standing
up holding the shovel, looking
at a closed door, and the next
picture she's wedged the shovel
in the opening between the door
and the wall, and she's trying
to pry it open.
And the next picture, it looks
like she succeeded in prying the
door open. And the next picture
she's picking up a ring of keys.
In the next picture she's taken
the keys to the drawer with the
padlock. One key is in the
padlock and the it's been
unlocked and the drawer is open
and her hands are reaching in.
And the next picture? She's
walking quickly away, clutching.
The open book to her chest. The
next picture we zoom out and we
see her smaller figure amidst
the much bigger structures
walking away. The next picture
we have a close up of the girl
kneeling up into some kind of an
opening, and in the next picture
we see her huddled in the
opening with the book next to
her. And then in the next
picture we see a long
locomotive.
Train with many cars behind it
and there's a one door and you
can imagine that you see the
girl sitting in one of those
cars on the train.
The next page there's one big
picture on the top half of the
page with a an airboat and its
smokestack sailing through the
air, through this city, with
buildings, with advertising.
Pictures and writing on it.
And underneath it are six small
close-up pictures. One is the
man and the woman sitting on the
bench on the air boat.
Her creatures in her lap, and
his creature is next to him. The
next picture there's a man in a
uniform, like a conductor, with
a big megaphone holding it to
his mouth, so he's probably
making an announcement. In the
next picture, it looks like the
airboat is coming in for a
landing, and there are some
people standing on the ground
near where the boat is
approaching.
And the next picture we have a
close up of the man and the
woman shaking hands. The man is
standing up. The woman is still
sitting down. And next picture
we have a close up of the man's
legs and feet walking away, and
the white creature is trailing
along. And in the last picture
on this little page or on this
page is the man, his face. He's
holding his hand to his chin and
he's tilting his face, looking
up.
With a puzzled expression, or a
wandering expression, and the
next page. It's one big picture,
and we're standing behind the
man, looking at his silhouetted.
Standing up looking out over
more of this strange city with a
huge much bigger than life
statue of a squirrel like
creature in the center.
Around you can see walkways and
pathways and another turning
wheel and little creatures and
smoke and.
That's what we see.
Ohh my the next page has many
small square pictures.
We have a close up of the man
walking on the street next to
some.
Advertising on the wall, writing
on the wall, and the little
creature is trotting alongside
the next picture. We're zoomed
out and we have a bigger view of
landscape, the street, more
buildings.
Number like a dozen or more
people on the street and little
creatures and the next little
picture. We have a close up of
two people. Neither is the man
that we've been following, they
have.
Different kinds of hats. One
looks like a Beanie hat and I'm
not. The other might be a
fedora, and there are some
strange like octopus tentacles
reaching over a wall, and I
don't know what they are. I
don't really think they're
octopus tentacles.
The next picture there is a
woman, not the woman who was on
the air boat approaching a wall,
and there's an open little door
and she's reaching in to take
something out. And the next
picture we have a close up of
two elderly people. There's a
man with a beret.
And a woman holding a box with a
fish like creature peering out
of it and the man is almost nose
to nose with the fish as they
stare at each other.
Next picture we assumed out and
we see the street with a number
of people and animals, creatures
walking.
The next picture is a close up
of the man's hands holding an
open book, and it has pictures
and words. So I see a picture of
an apple and then some writing
and a picture of maybe the
bottle of milk and some writing
and a picture of a wedge of
cheese and some writing and a
picture of bread and a picture
of a fish. So maybe this is.
How you can know the language.
The next picture he's holding
the book and looking off to one
side and seeing a creature by a
wall that has lots of little
doors on it. Oh, it's this
little white creature. And in
the next picture, the little
white creatures up close to the
wall, extending its long curly
tongue up toward one of the
little doors on the wall that
has some writing on it.
The man has gone over in the
next picture and has opened the
drawer and it looks like.
Strange strawberry like fruits
in the drawer that he has opened
and in the next picture is a
close up of him holding the
book.
With both hands and looking at
it.
The next picture there's a hand
reaching into the open drawer
grabbing one of these strawberry
like fruits, but it looks like a
young hand. And in the next
picture we see a young boy who's
holding the strawberry fruit and
showing it to the man who was
standing there holding his book.
And the next picture we see the
boy and a different man, a man
wearing suspenders and glasses
and the man is waving and the
boy.
They're both smiling and in the
next picture the boy is offering
the fruit to our man with the
hat and the book.
And he's backed away and holding
one hand up, gesturing no. And
in the next picture, he's
holding up his picture book and
pointing to a loaf of bread with
a questioning look on his face.
And the next picture, his mouth
is open, like he's talking, and
he's doing a chopping motion,
one hand on to the other.
The next picture the other man
with the glasses is pointing to
one of the doors or drawers in
the wall. And the next picture
he's opened the door and is
reaching his hand in. And the
next picture he has taken out
what looks kind of like an
eggplant with a curly top.
The next picture, the man with
the glasses is making that
chopping motion on his hand. Our
man with the hat is holding the
eggplant up to his nose like
he's sniffing it. And in the
next picture, the boy is smiling
and holding a big basket in
front of him. And in the next
picture, the last on this page,
the two men are looking at each
other. Our man with the hat is
holding the basket and has put
the eggplant in it and the.
Boy is in front of the man who
might be his father.
The next page has many little
pictures. The man with the
glasses is holding another
strange looking fruit that could
be the tail of a shrimp or a
strange carrot. And the next
picture the boy is holding.
A horn like thing, but it looks
like it has roots coming out of
the narrow end and bubbles
coming out of the open end. And
the next picture, the man with
the glasses has opened another
drawer and there's a leafy thing
in it and he's holding his
fingers to his lips like maybe
he's taking a little bit of leaf
and sampling it in his mouth.
And the next picture the boy is
holding a really big strawberry
like fruit. It's as big as his.
You know, he has to put both
arms around it to hold it. And
the next picture we have a close
up of the man's hands, the man
with the glasses, and he's
holding the thing that looks
like a clamshell with little
tentacles coming out of it. It's
partly open. And the next
picture, the man with the
glasses is holding.
A strawberry fruit with a very
long tail that looks like a
striped snake.
In the next picture, the man is
pursing his mouth. It's like
he's talking.
He's holding in one hand
something that looks like it
might be a sweet potato with
little roots shooting out from
it, and his other hand he's
holding up in a thumbs up
gesture.
In the next picture, the man
with the glasses apparently has
cut open the cylindrical.
Fruit and is offering half of it
to our man, and the inside
almost looks like like a tomato.
The next picture the boy is
holding one of the not so large,
but still quite big strawberry
fruits to his open mouth. He's
ready to take a bite. The next
picture our man has taken a bite
of the.
Sweet potato like.
Tomato like fruit.
And he's chewing and looking
like he's considering what he
thinks of the taste. In the next
picture, the little boy is down
on one knee, putting a little
piece of fruit into the mouth of
the white dog creature. And in
the last little picture on this
page, the man is holding a
basket full of all of these
different kinds of fruits.
The next page, there are three
little pictures at the top, and
then a big one big picture
underneath them. The boy is
whispering into his father's
ear. The next picture, the man
with the glasses has his arm
around the man with the hat.
Both men are holding baskets
full of produce, and they're
smiling. And the next picture?
It's the boy with a basket of
produce, and he's pointing off
in the distance. And the picture
underneath them all is a big
picture showing more of the
landscape.
With the exotic city in the
background and airboats tethered
to the ground in the foreground,
and the two men and the boy with
their baskets and the little
white dog creature walking OK.
{Oh my gosh, this is more than
7.}
{This is the last page,
actually. OK, yeah, it's the
last page. OK. } So here we have
lots of little pictures. The boy
is approaching one of the air
boats. The little white creature
is by his feet. The boy is now
at the air boat and there is an
urn that's in the boat and he's
smiling and gesturing. The next
picture, the boy is pointing
into the urn and there's a
little.
Tenderly thing jutting out from
the urn and the man is holding
his basket and peering at it,
and the next picture the tendril
has extended further and it's a
spiny curly creature arm and the
man is startled and pulling
back. He's dropped the basket,
the food is falling. The boy is
holding his hand to his mouth as
he's laughing quietly. In the
next picture the man with the
glasses is.
Next to the man with the hat,
and it's like the man with the
glasses is gesturing and
explaining what The thing is,
and the man with the hat is
leaning forward with his hand to
his mouth, peering a little more
closely to understand the next
picture. The boy is holding a
strange creature like a fox in
his arms that has that long
spiky tail curling around. It
looks like a pet, and the next
picture the boy is holding the
creature.
Toward the man, and the creature
is leaning toward the man like
sniffing him, and the man is
reaching out a hand as if to pat
the creature.
In the next picture the man with
the glasses is crouching down at
the ground pointing at something
and laughing, and the next
picture we see the the fox like
creature.
Nose to nose with the little
white dog creature.
The next picture the dog and the
fox creatures are regarding each
other and the next picture we
see hands picking up the fallen
fruit and putting it back in the
basket.
The next picture the two men are
talking, and the next picture,
the man with the hat is
gesturing and the next picture,
the man with the hat is drawing
a picture in a book, and the
next picture the man is showing
what he has drawn. There's a
picture of three rooftops and
the long spiky tail over them.
And Now the man with the hat is
showing a drawing to the man of
the glasses. The man with the
glasses is gesturing to himself,
and in the next picture, the man
with the glasses is doing more
gesturing.
And then there's
a close up picture of the man
with the glasses with a very
earnest look in his eye. And in
the last picture on this page is
a close up of the man's eye. #END_arrival_4
OK, that was the last page.
Let's take a break and come back
at 10:25, OK? Alright, see you
soon. You.
And we had 26 in total, so now
we're on 22.
This is.
Again, the story. That's um.
Part of the series that you
already looked at? Part of it?
Uh-huh. So again.
Please take between 10 and 15
minutes as you go through the
story and describing it, OK?
Ah.
#START_return All right, we have
a two page spread which shows
the cutaway of a house on a city
street. So it's a.
An urban residential setting and
in the house we've got an
entrance room, we've got the
kitchen, there's a stairway and
there's a room which is the
girls room upstairs.
From.
Looks like the.
The father's office, he's maybe
working at a drafting table. And
there's a red kite.
Flying through the door into
that room.
The next room.
Um, top of the stairs, the
little couch, a little TV,
little sitting area, and then.
The other room there's a little
room with a bed and a cat on it,
and a bathroom, and in the girls
room back on the ground floor.
There is a red.
Hot air balloon.
Decoration hanging from the
ceiling over her bed. And
there's another decoration of a
purple something, which is
probably a purple bird and also
something else purplish draped
on her bed. I can't tell what it
is. The door to her room is open
and she has a red crayon.
In her hand she's wearing a
golden crown and holding a red
ball in her arm, the red crayon.
She is drawing an archway on her
wall, which is just taller than
she is the archway.
Next page.
The father in his office notices
the red. The red.
kite on the floor. He gets up
from his stool and picks it up
and looks at it. And the next
picture, he's not in the room.
The kite is on the floor.
And then the next page he has
gone into his daughter's room
and is peering into the archway,
which turned into a red door
that opened up in the wall.
Next page, the father emerges
from a tree into the woods with
the twinkling lights and the
paper lanterns.
Umm.
And in the woods there's a
stream, and on the other side of
the stream is a little dock, and
the red ball that the girl had
been holding is on the dock.
On the next page, the father is
now on the dock, standing there
holding the red ball.
And.
A.
A boat with a dragon motif
design is coming down the stream
toward him. The next page there
are a series of pictures showing
the boat pulling up to the dock.
The man.
Getting into the boat.
And the boat continues on.
Next page the man and it's in
the boat and comes upon.
The.
Castle like medieval city.
He's peering at it and it's it's
dark. The sky is dark blue. With
some purples, it's probably.
dark Blues and purples with a
few flecks of stars.
A full moon and we can see on
one of the.
Elevated waterways in the city.
The girl in a red boat.
Passing by.
The next page, the Dragon boat
has pulled in to a place where
the man can get out and he's
getting out. He's leaping out
and reaching with his arm, and
the girl is heading out some
stairs and looks over her
shoulder at him at the top of
the stairs is the boy with the
purple crayon and the king or
wizard with the crown and the
purple bird.
On the next page.
Father looks a little confused
and I'm not sure if he has a
black crayon in his pocket or
some or a pen. The king is there
and he has a sash on with a blue
and a green and a yellow and an
orange crayon. Stash and holders
and the boy is next to the king
and the Purple Bird is on the
boy's shoulder and the girl is
standing by the royal chair.
With their hands crossed over
her chest and turning her face
away.
Maybe defiant, saying no, I
don't want to come with you.
Next page.
Oh, on the next page.
We have the man and the girl and
the boy and the king.
Standing at the top of.
A landing at the top of the
stairs and it looks like coming
out of the dragon boat. The
front of the Dragon has opened
up and a guard is emerging.
And the next picture more guards
are emerging from.
The dragon boat.
And going up the stairs holding
Spears pointing at the king,
with the king has raised his
right arm over his head, and is
holding a golden crayon.
The boy and the man and the girl
are all there behind the king.
In the next picture, the king is
drawing a golden line in the air
and in the foreground one of
the.
Soldiers is holding a
contraption with a lever on it.
It might even be a light box
because it looks like the front
of the king is illuminated.
And the boy and the girl and the
man are at the top of the stairs
behind the king. And the king
has come down a few stairs. The
next page there are series of
pictures. Ah, the King has drawn
a sword and is now holding the
sword and pointing it at the
guard with the box.
And then the man, the guard with
the box, holds up the box and
the crayons are all leaping off
of the king and off of his sash
and into the box. Even even
though sword that he drew and
the armed guards are now
grabbing the king with two arm
with both arms and the man, the
guard with the box is running
off.
And the next picture, the boy,
the man, the girl, the Purple
bird are all together and the
man with the box is approaching
them. The boy takes out his
purple crayon and is drawing a
wing, and in the next picture
the wing is now a complete
Griffin that the boy, the girl
and the man are on the back of
and flying off into the night
sky with the full moon behind
them in the water.
Beneath them and the guard with
the box at the top of the turret
reaching out toward them.
the
guards are all back in the
Dragon ship with the king and
the guard with the crown is
holding the box and cranking in
the Purple Griffin the the tail
feathers. The wing feathers are
beginning to go into the box and
the crayon has lept for the
boy's hand and is heading into
the box and the boy is reaching
for that Crayon.
The girl is being held by her
father protectively, and she's
clutching her red crayon.
Ohh dear and now the Dragon ship
is in the air.
The last feathers of the Griffin
are being scooped into the box
held by the guard with the
helmet. The boy has been caught
by his hand by the king, who's
reached over the side of the
boat. The girl and her father
are holding hands, and she's
holding on to the purple bird as
well as the red crayon, and
they're still falling.
The next picture, the girl and
her father and the bird have
fallen into the water and now we
see fish swimming around and the
crown that was on the girl's
head has fallen.
Deep, almost toward the bottom,
and the man and her, his
daughter, are midway down into
the water and the next picture
the girl takes her red crayon
and is drawing something.
The next picture that something
turns into a red submarine and
the girl and her father are in
it. The girl is at the Periscope
and the father is down below.
Perhaps he's steering and the
purple bird is perched in there
and we have a little bit of a
underwater scape with.
Things that are growing under
the water.
The next two pages spread. The
red submarine has come into a
cave and has surfaced. The man
and the girl are standing on top
of the submarine.
The Purple bird is flying out
just above them and on The Cave
walls above their head they see
rock drawings showing.
People and boats and balloons.
And dragonflies and.
It just kind of goes on and on.
Now the man and the girl are
standing on the ground. The girl
is pointing up at some of the
drawings. It looks like one
stick figure is holding a magic
crayon above his head. Another
is a person oh, with the box
scooping up. And there's some
more pictures about that. Off to
the right we can see the mouth
of The Cave and.
The water and rocks and clouds
in the distance, but coming back
into The Cave.
We've got the purple bird, the
man, the girl pointing up, and
then there's a little jutting
out of rocks and a wooden door.
In the next picture, the man and
the girl are hiding behind one
of the rock pillars and we see
at the mouth of The Cave the
dragon boat and the guards and
the king.
And the next page, there are
three little pictures. The
father is holding a crayon and
pointing up, and the girl is
looking at him and the purple
bird is hovering. Next picture,
the bird perches on the girl's
shoulder and the father is
taking his black crayon and his
drawing a line. And in the next
picture.
Ah, it's a rectangle with a
perch for the bird to sit on,
and the bird is now sitting on
it.
In the next picture, the man and
the girl are hiding again behind
one of the rock structures, and
the guard with the box is
rushing toward the purple bird
trying to capture it.
And the next page, there are
three little pictures. And the
bird is going into the box that
the guard is holding, and then
the guard gets caught in the
box. The box was a trap. There
were stores that were lying flat
that he used to walk up. And now
he snapped the trap and the
doors are coming up, the boxes
flown out of his hands.
And in the next picture the.
The guard is trapped inside the
cage and the father has the the
capturing box in his hands,
looks like he's about to throw
it on the ground and they're
just two purple feathers. The
next page he throws it on the
ground and what emerges is
amazing and colorful we've got.
Blue and purple and yellow and
green and red streaks of color
emerging explosively, and I see
the Griffin and lots of birds
and insects of different colors.
Just great light and explosion.
The man is closest to it, the
girl is behind him, the guard is
still in the trap box, and then
the king and the boy have gotten
off of the dragon boat and are
walking through the colored
lights.
toward the man and the girl and
the two guards still on the
dragon boat are cowering at the
sight of all of this.
Next picture.
Man, the girl, the king with the
purple bird on his shoulder, and
the boy with a crown on his
head. Or standing at the edge at
the mouth of The Cave and the
dragon boat is going back out
and we see a big octopus
tentacle reaching up out of the
water to seize the boat, and
above we see the purple.
Griffin flying off with the bird
cage with the other guard in it,
and there's a flock of rainbow
colored birds flying out of The
Cave.
And the next picture. The girl
is hugging the man, the red
Crayon is sticking out of her
back pocket, and the dark crayon
is in his shirt pocket. The king
and the bird and the boy are off
to one side, looking on, and the
door in the little outcropping
of rock that I had described
before is now a little bit open,
and the tail of the red kites
just peeking through.
Ah.
And now we are back
in the cityscape and the red
kite is flying overhead and the
tail trailing behind. And we've
got the cutaway of the street
and the bricks and pipes under
the street and the cutaway of
the house and the rooms and it's
blue sky with a few puffy
clouds. #END_return
So that was the story. How long
was that?
It was. So we came back at 25
and now it's 45. So then 20
minutes. That was 20 minutes. I
was trying to do that so
quickly.
OK.
And this item is a complex
scene, so please take between
three and five minutes to
describe it. OK? Are you allowed
to tell me when I hit the three
minute mark, would you please?
Great.
Umm.
#START_make_a_splash All right,
a very busy scene at an
amusement park. It's a water
park and it's a where's Waldo
page, and there's a purple
square with some text that says
making a splash. {Ever since
Peewee and Snowflake spotted the
bright wiggly slides in the
distance, they've been pestering
Amelia to let them go to the
water park.}
{Now the whole family is
enjoying splashing around. Arnie
is busy organizing fun games for
everyone, while Brian is trying
to find the courage to fight his
fear of heights and go down the
giant flume. Can you pick out
all 10 Penguins?}
So yes, we have a very busy
water park with green and yellow
and red twisting water flumes
and the water is jam packed full
of people.
And there are more people lined
up around the edges waiting for
a turn. And there's a pirate
ship in the middle of the water
and people all over the pirate
ship, and there's a big slide
out of the pirate ship that
children are sliding down, and
there's a.
Big fun looking Curly Dragon
with water coming out of its
mouth and kids climbing on it
and swimming around it.
Um, I see a.
Pink elephant creature that a
child is climbing on. Lots and
lots of people in yellow inner
tubes.
Ohh, there's a boy using a a
water gun spraying somebody else
who doesn't look like they're
enjoying it. There are people on
the edge on towels. Again, all
manner of color and lots of
other creatures. There's a a sea
serpent in the water. I mean
it's a it's a play thing.
There's some mushroom kind of
things green and red with.
Again, play structures. There's
a rainbow slide with lots of
children's sliding down each of
the stripes of color.
What else? Ohh the mushroom
things are like water showers so
people are standing underneath
and the water is pouring down on
them and I have not yet seen a
Penguin.
Um, up there, I think is one
with a purple bow on its head in
the middle of the water between
some people. And there's another
Penguin holding.
Maybe it's a red inner tube
around its middle?
Um, there's a lifeguard sitting
in a lifeguard.
Stand with an umbrella over her.
And oh, the Penguin is standing
there with one of the red life
buoys.
How many more Penguins can I
see?
Oh, there's a Penguin in one of
the water flumes on the green
one.
And there's a Penguin with a top
hat sitting on a wall with some
other people sitting on the
wall. And there's another
lifeguard with a red life.
Preserve her thing that she's
holding on to.
There's a really big water
cannon at the top of the pirate
ship that's squirting on a man's
head, and he's not happy about
it.
{OK, anything else you want to
say about this picture?}
#END_make_a_splash I just found
two more Penguins.
Good.
OK, so now moving on, we can go
to the next picture.
Is this another three to five
minute? Alright, will you tell
me when I get to 3 minutes,
please? Alright.
#START_campsite Two page spread
for where's Waldo? We have it
looks like green camping grounds
and in the upper left corner is
a postcard with a Waldo stamp.
{Um, and it says wake up Waldo.
Friends, have you ever seen
mermaids in a canal, or flowers
painted all over a tent, or a
line of hikers winding along the
country lanes? I have today? It
was just amazing. Signed Waldo
to Waldo, friends. North of the
South Pole. East of the West
Pole. The world.}
Ah.
And in this camping ground area.
We have different squares of
greenery. There's one enclosed
green area with a hedge around
it that has two bowls. That one
is looking quite fierce, and
there's a person foolishly
shaking a red cloth at it.
And then there's another bull
that's just kind of sitting
there, and it has musical horns
on its head, not pointy horns on
its head. And then there's
another bull in the corner
wearing a Viking hat with the
horns and the helmet.
And then there are walkways with
lots of people coming and going.
There are hikers, lots of hikers
with backpacks and walking
sticks. There's even a Santa
Claus costume with a Santa pack.
Um, some of the hikers have
collapsed on the ground. They
look like they're struggling.
Um.
Let's see, there is a canal
going through here. I don't know
if I see a shark fin or not. And
then there's a duck and a duck
on top of a Periscope and a
little gondola boat with a
person with a pole and another
person riding in it. And then a
party boat with a bunch of
people, very fit, muscular
looking guys showing off and
waving at the people on board.
And then in front of that it
looks like a couple of mermaids
waving at the other people. I
can see their blonde hair and
their little fishy mermaid
tails.
Somebody with a fishing pole has
caught a boot and I see a bunch
of fish sticking their heads out
laughing that he caught the
boot.
In the foreground, on the near
side, we have a campground area
with 1234567891011121314 at
least 14 tenths, most of which
are pitched.
One has collapsed and people are
struggling to get it up. One is
covered in decorative flowers.
One is a tipi.
But they're different shaped
tents. There's one tent with the
door open. The kids have opened
the door and there's a man
getting dressed, looking alarmed
that they're spying on him.
And there are other people there
are sitting out among the tents
and standing and walking and
families gathered together and.
Um, what else is going on? There
are some people having
cocktails, someone playing. Oh,
the the hippies are hanging out
with the flower power tent and a
guitar and long hair and beards.
Umm.
Let's see. And we do have Native
Americans reclining outside the
Tipi. And then there's somebody
in the corner trying to blow up
a big yellow and red striped
inner tube.
{3 minutes. OK. Well, let me say
a little bit more.} OK. On the
other side of the canal, we have
the camper park. So there's a
big green area and there are
12345678 9 campers and again,
lots of people milling around
and.
I think somebody threw, either
threw a ball at the window or
squirting a water gun at the
camper. No, I think it's a ball
that went through the camper
window and out the other side
because I see the person who got
hit. There's a camper with a red
and white awning set up again.
We have people gathered together
in family packs. There's a
family with a dog and another
family with maybe a cat.
Um, there's a family with a
grill cooking, and then beyond
that is another path, and people
are walking and bicycling, and
there's even.
It's not a unicycle, but it's
one of those strange things with
a really big front wheel and a
little tiny back wheel.
And then beyond
that, we have more just open
land. #END_campsite
There we go. So then the last
two items are both stories. One
is 4 pages, the other is 2
pages. So it seems like we might
go over 11:00 AM OK is that OK
with you? OK.
OK, so this yeah again.
#START_arrival_5 Here we are
back to our story with the man
with the hat and the man with
the offices and the boy and the
strange city kind of carved
buildings carved out of rock and
a large large bird like
sculpture.
Few of them powering over the
town and lots of birds flocking
in the sky and.
There's a little boat with a few
people, three people I think
growing up to the ramp. That's
all one big picture. And then on
the next page are 12 little
pictures showing hands tying a
rope around. Oh, Fox designed
place to to more the boat. And
then the man with the glasses
and the man with the hat are
standing and the man with the
glasses is gesturing. And now.
The little boy has gotten out of
the boat and is carrying a
basket and the two little
creatures, the white dog
creature and the dark fox
creature, leaping on either side
of the boy approaching the
stairs, and then the boy
approaches a woman and gives her
the basket with the fruits.
And then the man approaches the
woman and she puts her arm
around him and they're
embracing. And then the man with
the glasses introduces the man
with the hat. He's taking his
hat off to greet the woman, who
is shaking his hand. And then
the woman gestures, welcoming
him into the house. And then we
have a close up of four hands
holding 4 glasses like they're
clinking them together for
cheers.
And then we have a picture of
the basket with some food items
and a couple of hands handling
the food items. The next
picture, a pair of hands and a
big cleaver, is slicing one of
the food items.
Spiky, cylindrical and kind of
get into circles.
And the next picture is another
pair of hands.
Doing something with another
food preparation item, I really
can't tell what it is.
And then the final picture on
this page, the hands are holding
a small measuring cup and a
brush, and perhaps there's
melted butter or something in
the cup, and it's a basting
brush that is brushing what
looks like the equivalent of a
chicken on a plate.
The next page, there's a big
picture of all the people seated
around the table. There's the
man with the glasses, and the
woman and the man with the hat.
He's not wearing his hat or his
jacket anymore. And the boy and
he's reaching down to the
animals with a little food in
his hand. And the man just
standing up with perhaps a
crustacean food item in a pair
of tongs holding.
A little blowtorch.
Maybe that's how they cook it.
Yeah. And the table is covered
with pots and dishes and food
items. And then we have another
series of 12 pictures, close-ups
of the man with the glasses
laughing and picture of the
woman laughing and the man of
the hat without the hat on
laughing. Then we have a picture
of the man with the glasses with
some kind of an accordion and
strange horns coming out of it,
he is playing it, and then the
woman.
Just playing some kind of a
pipe.
With a light at the end of it,
and the boy is playing a
stringed instrument like a
banjo. And the man with the hat
has taken a piece of paper and
is beginning to fold it like
origami. And he's created an
origami fox like the boy's
little creature. And he's given
it to the boy, who looks
delighted and is wearing the
man's hat. And at the bottom we
have the man with the glasses
reaching.
Into a container and opening a
door and taking a container out
and then the man and the woman
are holding the container.
A pot together, and then we have
a close up of the man's hands
holding the pot.
Next picture we have a close up
of the pot and it's mostly in
shadow and then we back away and
we get a view of the bit of the
table that the pot is on and
then it's not a table, it's a
big window sill that the pot is
on and there's increasing light
in the picture. And then we have
3 little pictures of the man
waking up from bed, rubbing his
eyes, sitting up, being greeted
by his creature patting his
creature.
And then we have the man
buttoning his shirt, and someone
is cutting up one of the
strawberry fruits and feeding a
slice of it to the white dog
creature, and the man putting on
his jacket and looking for his
hat, and the little dog creature
is holding the hat and offering
it to him in his mouth.
The next page we have a street
scene with lots of people
walking, holding bags, standing
and creatures walking and
flying. There's a picture of a
few men pulling, looks like
they're pulling a rope, and then
there's a picture of a man with
a big basket and little fishes
reaching up. I'm not sure if
he's feeding them or catching
them.
And then the next picture is
some people with different hats
on, maybe exchanging money, and
there's a picture of a man at
some kind of a wheel decorative
wheel.
Another person on a ladder
painting and another person.
With a little cart making
things. And then we've got a few
more pictures. Our man with the
hat holding his hat in his hand,
talking to a man, perhaps a
Baker. He's wearing a white
apron and has a big bowl and
some spoons in a pocket.
Talking at the door and
gesturing.
But it looks like the the Baker
is holding up his hand, saying
no. And then the man in the next
picture is talking to a man who
appears to be fixing some kind
of machinery. And the man fixing
the machinery is also holding up
his hand, saying no. And the man
is now in a shop talking to the
shopkeeper, and she is holding
up her hand saying no. And now
the man is outside, standing in
the midst of all of the.
Airships.
Um, and he's
talking to a man. And that man
is holding up his hand, perhaps
also saying no. And there are
lots of workers, you know,
grooming and carrying things in
that picture. #END_arrival_5  All right. OK, so
that was 10 minutes, and now
we're at the last item. It's
also a story.
Go ahead.
Show my pictures pages 2 pages,
OK.
#START_arrival_3 So here we
have.
Ohh picture of a like a
newspaper boy standing on the
street corner holding a sign
with writing on it and rolled up
papers under his arm and some
other adults milling about on
the street. And then we have a
close up of a woman with it
looks like a hairless cat
standing on her arm or being
held in her arms. And then
there's a close up of a man with
a.
Strange cart.
Maybe he's making coffee or some
kind of food and there's a
creature and a basket peering
out, and then there's another
picture of a.
Fox with very large eggs in it,
and a man and a woman standing
next to it.
Each holding an egg, and it
takes two hands to pick up and
hold these eggs. And then we've
got four more little pictures.
There's a picture of a Barber
giving a man sitting in a chair
a shave and a boy standing next
to the man getting a shave. And
then there we're on a street
corner with two men playing
musical instruments and
accordion type thing and a
violin and lots of birds on the
ground. And then there's a
picture.
Of people sitting on chairs or
benches like they're waiting in
a shop or something. They're
women sitting and one has a big
book open on her lap and another
one looks like she's sewing and
another one is holding a
creature.
And then the last picture on
these pages is our man with the
hat standing there with his hand
on his chin, looking around and
holding his suitcase in the
other hand.
And on the next spread of pages,
or lots of little pictures, the
man has pulled out of pocket
watch and opened it. And he
looks at it. And then he looks
up and he looks at a big clock
tower and his face looks
concerned. And now he's walking
across a street holding his
suitcase, and he's continuing
down a street and past a store
window. And now he's walking
down.
And there were people in a
couple of those pictures and now
he's on an empty Street
And there are little lights, and
I don't know if it's becoming
night time and if these are
fireflies or glowing bubbles,
but now he's standing there
looking around him and surprise
and.
Quizzically looking at these
glowing bubbles. And then
there's a wind that.
Comes up and blows his hat off
his head.
In the next picture, he's
reaching down to pick up his hat
from the ground, and there are
some drawings and letters.
And as he's putting his hat back
on his head, he's looking down
and regarding.
The arrows and.
Letters.
Then he's sitting on the ground
with his book Open and his
suitcase next to him.
And he's.
There are. There is writing in
the book.
And then a hand from one side is
reaching out to tap him on the
shoulder and he's looking up and
there's a dark skinned man with
a turban on his head with his
hand reached out.
And now the man with the hat is
standing up, talking to the man
with the turban and their
gesturing.
And then the man takes out his
book and draws a picture for the
man with the turban to look at.
And there's a picture of a bed.
And the man with the turban has
an expression of understanding,
like ah and his hand holding up
one finger. And then the man
with the turban is gesturing in
one direction.
And then the man
with the turban, we see him
walking with a basket on his
back with a creature in the
basket, and the man with the hat
and the suitcase is following
the man with the turban. #END_arrival_3
We are.
Finished.